100:Continue
  An interim response. The client's request was received and has not yet been rejected. Please continue.
101:Switching Protocols
  The Server is going to switch the request to a different protocol
200:OK
  The request has succeeded. All is good.
201:Created
  The request has been fulfilled and resulted in a new resource being created.
202:Accepted
  The request has been accepted for processing, but the processing has not been completed.
203:Non-Authoritative Information
  The returned information is not the definitive set as available from the origin server
204:No Content
  the request was fulfilled but doesn't need to return a body. The response MAY include new/updated info 
205:Reset Content
  the request was fulfilled and the user agent SHOULD reset the document view which sent he request
206:Partial Content
  A request was made for part of a document. This is common with caching tools.
300:Multiple Choices
  Resource corresponds to any one of a set of representations, is being provided so that the user (or user agent) can select a preferred representation and redirect its request to that location.
301:Moved Permanently
  The requested resource has been assigned a new permanent URI and any future references to this resource SHOULD use one of the returned URIs
302:Moved Temporarily
  The requested resource resides temporarily under a different URI.
303:See Other
  The response to the request can be found under a different URI and SHOULD be retrieved using a GET method on that resource.
304:Not Modified
  the browser requested a resource, but it hasn't changed. Use your cached copy.
305:Use Proxy
  The requested resource MUST be accessed through the proxy given by the Location field.
306:(Unused)
  The 306 status code was used in a previous version of the specification, is no longer used, and the code is reserved.
307:Temporary Redirect
  The resource resides temporarily at a different URI, but keep using this one since it MAY change on occasion
400:Bad Request
  The request could not be understood by the server due to malformed syntax. The client SHOULD NOT repeat the request without modifications
401:Unauthorized
  Your login was bad, and therefore can't access the content
402:Payment Required
  This code is reserved for future use. 
403:Forbidden
  The server understood the request, but is refusing to fulfill it. Probably a permissions issue
404:Not Found
  The server couldn't find anything matching the Request-URI. Doesn't know if it's temporary or permanent.
405:Method Not Allowed
  The method specified can't be used for the identified resource 
406:Not Acceptable
  your browser sent a list of things it accepts - none of which can be used by the server
407:Proxy Authentication Required
  Similar to 401 (Unauthorized), but indicates that the client must first authenticate with the proxy.
480:Request Timeout
  The client did not produce a request within the time that the server was prepared to wait.
409:Conflict
  The request could not be completed due to a conflict with the current state of the resource
410:Gone
  The resource the client wanted isn't on the server anymore, and it's not coming back
411:Length Required
  The server refuses to accept the request without a defined Content-Length. 
412:Precondition Failed
  Client can place criteria on request to prevent an incorrect resource from being returned. 
413:Requested Entity Too Large
  The client sent a request that is larger than the server is willing or able to process. 
414:Request-URI Too Long
  The client sent a URI that's too long. 
415:Unsupported Media Type
  The server is refusing to service the request because the client sent it in an unsupported format.
416:Requested Range Not Satisfiable
  The request range sent by the client can't be used by the server.
417:Expectation Failed
  The expectation given in an Expect request-header field could not be met by this server.
500:Internal Server Error
  The server encountered an unexpected error that request. check the server side code for syntax errors.
501:Not Implemented
  The server does not recognize the request method and is not capable of supporting it for any resource.
502:Bad Gateway
  The server received an invalid response from the upstream server in attempting to fulfill the request.
503:Service Unavailable
  The server is currently unable to handle the request due to a temporary overload or server maintenance.
504:Gateway Timeout
  The server did not receive a timely response from the upstream server specified by the URI 
505:HTTP Version Not Supported
  The server does not support, or refuses to support, the version of HTTP protocol used in the request
